okay so google's launch night event just
went down and they announced a whole
slew of new hardware
but i'm going to focus this video on the
two most interesting pieces to me which
are the pixel 5
and the pixel 4a 5g these are two phones
that google has been
you know teasing for a little while
there have been rumors there have been
leaks
and we finally know all the details now
i gotta be honest these two phones are
the most interesting phones that google
has
put out in a really long time for me
like i
i love the pixel 1 and the pixel 2 and i
kind of started to fall out of love with
the pixel brand
at least with their flagship stuff their
a series was pretty on point but
their flagship stuff has become
increasingly less appealing to me and i
think for a lot of you guys as well
for i guess price that was a big thing
but if i had like a wish list
right if i had a wish list of things i
wanted pixels
to have it would be like number one
better pricing number two
bigger batteries and number three well
this is a personal interest wide angled
cameras
and they nailed it the hardware this
year looks
so nice the pixel 5 is going to come in
at 700
and the pixel 4 a5g comes in at 500. and
this pricing feels right right if you
look at the hardware it just doesn't
feel like you have to justify
anything like the pricing seems to line
up really nicely with what you're
getting it feels like that's just the
way the price
should be on these devices i do want to
draw your attention to
a couple things number one the chip so
it's running a snapdragon 765g
on both of these devices and it's a chip
we've seen on the oneplus nord
but it's the chip that allows for better
pricing on these new pixel devices but
the thing
is it's really competitive on
performance like i've tested it pretty
thoroughly
it doesn't matter if you're playing
games or just doing anything that's
processor intensive
it keeps up it's only in the really
demanding 3d games that you'll be able
to tell the difference between
a snapdragon 800 series chip in the 765g
the other thing i want to mention is the
battery size so the pixel
5 has a huge battery compared to the
pixel 4. like i got to be honest
i don't know how they fit it like this
is the pixel 4. this
had a tiny battery in comparison to the
new pixel 5.
and when you look at the size of these
phones the pixel 5 is smaller
and lighter than the pixel 4 but the
battery is like
40 bigger than what was in the pixel 4.
like
i don't know how they did it obviously
project sully took up a decent chunk of
the
of the real estate inside this phone but
40 bigger battery in a smaller package
how sick is that another thing i want to
draw attention to is the back of the
phone so
it's got a fingerprint sensor just like
the pixel 4a but it is an
aluminum back yet somehow
it has wireless charging how
i don't know how they're doing it like
clearly it's some kind of magic going on
because i have not seen another phone
that could be charged wirelessly through
an aluminum
back panel it's pretty crazy the other
thing is that new ultra wide lens i've
always liked ultrawide lenses on my
phones like ever since that first
lg phone did it i just love it like you
just be able to capture more stuff
that's just the type of photos that i
take
maybe it's just like a lazy way of doing
things you know shoot wide and then crop
later
but it's awesome and to see them do it
on a pixel
hell yes finally like i really want to
see what google's capable of when you
take a good
ultrawide sensor and you pair it with
software that's built
specifically for it in google's camera
system
it's going to be good so we have 8 gigs
of ram on the pixel 5
and 6 gigs on the pixel 485 g both of
them with 128 gigs of storage
the screens on both of them have that
hole punch but on the pixel 5 you'll
notice that the bezels around the whole
thing
are symmetrical like the top bottom left
right
they're all evenly bezeled which i think
is a nice look and it's also a nice
change compared to
the previous pixels like some of those
had huge notches
the pixel 4 a5g has the bigger screen at
6.2 inches
but it doesn't have fast refresh it's
still at 60 hertz
we did lose face unlock because they got
rid of project solly on the pixel 5. so
the only way you can get in there
is through fingerprint sensor there's no
more facial recognition
but i think it's a fair trade
considering everything you're getting
for 700
and here's the thing at this price point
at that 700
price point the competition is different
it's not like what the old pixels were
competing with like right now i feel
like at the 700
price point the closest thing out there
not that it's
not good but it's like the samsung s20
fe i feel like this is a
strong competitor to the pixel 5 but
they're
clearly different right like normally
google like pixel phones have had to
make like they've had a tough time
carving out a niche for themselves right
they were so they depended so much on
their camera to be like
this is the feature that's going to
carry the product but now
the price and the battery and everything
like so much more it's so much more
competitive this year
what do you guys think cool phone same
with the pixel 4 a5g
cool phones let me know hope you guys
enjoyed this video thumbs if you liked
it subs if you loved it
i'll see you guys next time
[Music]
you